Long View

AI Machine Learning Engineer

Long View. A career that helps you get more out of life.
 
A Long View career helps you get more out of life. We don’t just say it, we prove it. Every day. We’re proud of our reputation as one of North America’s most dynamic IT providers — and we’re even prouder of our culture that allows our people to live life to its fullest. At Long View, we create an environment of collaboration and support, of innovation and enthusiasm, of inclusion and belonging. As a member of the Long View team, you’ll see how our company’s core pillars — Integrity, Competence, Value, and Fun — resonate through the workplace. And in a recent survey, 89% of Long View team members rated Long View as a good or great place to work!


Do you get excited about monitoring and management tools that keep environments running smoothly? Do you have a passion for new and exciting technologies?

We are seeking a skilled AI/ML Engineer to join our innovative team dedicated to improving our products and services through advanced AI technologies. You will work closely with data scientists, engineers, and product managers to design, implement, and deploy scalable artificial intelligence solutions. This role is based onsite in the North Dallas, Tx area. Candidates MUST reside in the Dallas, Tx area.
A Day in the Life:
Design and develop machine learning algorithms and models to solve complex problems and improve user experiences.
Collaborate with data engineers to build data and model pipelines.
Conduct data exploration and feature engineering to improve model accuracy and efficiency.
Implement machine learning models into production, including optimization, scaling, and API integration.
Monitor and evaluate the performance of machine learning systems, and iterate to enhance functionality.
Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in AI and ML technologies and methodologies.
Document and present model development processes and results to stakeholders.
Work closely with product teams to understand end-user requirements and translate these into pragmatic and effective technical solutions.
Optimize existing machine learning systems for better stability and performance.
What You Bring:
4+years of experience as a ML engineering
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field.
Strong programming skills in Python, R, or Java.
Experience with machine learning frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch) and libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, Keras).
Knowledge of data structures, data modeling, and software architecture.
Deep understanding of statistics and experience using statistical models for solving real-world problems.
Strong communication skills with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
What Makes You Extra Awesome:
Experience with cloud services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) and deploying AI models at scale.
Experience in NLP, computer vision, or other specialized AI fields.
Contributions to open-source projects or active participation in the AI community.
Why Work At Long View:
Great people and culture
Career growth – Permanent staff positions, paid training, career life planning, and relocation and travel opportunities
Interesting work – Be part of exciting projects while accessing all the latest technologies
$60 - $70 an hour
Want to learn more about our culture and life at Long View? Check us out on LinkedIn and Instagram!

Long View’s mission of building the best and most sustainable team-driven organization requires dedicated and ambitious people. Through employee resource groups, impactful and effective conversations, townhalls and various company-wide training, including how to reduce unconscious bias, we are fostering an inclusive environment. We are committed to taking consistent, positive and lifelong action to be a diverse and equitable workplace because we know that the most effective companies are made up of people with varied identities, experiences and backgrounds.

Long View is an equal opportunity employer. If you have any accommodation requests for your interview or the role, please let your friendly Recruiter know