We're Celonis, the global leader in Process Mining technology and one of the world's fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock productivity by placing data and intelligence at the core of business processes - and for that, we need you to join us.

 

The Team
Celonis AI Group (CeloAI) is a newly formed organization within Celonis that is dedicated to developing state-of-the-art AI/ML (and broadly intelligent) technologies for Celonis products (e.g., the Execution Management System / EMS) and empower enterprises and institutions to make intelligent business decisions and achieve operational excellence. Our dual mission focuses on both the immediate term goals of designing and implementing advanced AI/ML product features and solutions for our customers and the long term goals of establishing competitive advantages of Celonis for execution management.

We are a global organization with presence in both Germany and the US. CeloAI US has its main presence in New York, NY but also remote presences across the US.

The Role
As a software engineer (machine learning), you are responsible for designing and developing product features and customer solutions, along with the underlying infrastructure, that are based on AI/ML approaches. You may interact closely with solution engineers, customer value architects, and execution management consultants within the Go-to-Market organization and product managers and software engineers within the product and engineering organization to build scalable and high quality AI/ML features and solutions for our customers.

You may also be responsible for designing and implementing new foundational technical components that will power the next generation of EMS and elevate the impact Celonis has on our customers. These components may span the areas of computer vision, natural language processing, data mining, recommendation, knowledge base, business intelligence, and other AI technologies.

The work you’ll do
Deeply understand the business needs of Celonis customers, formulate the business needs into concrete technical problems, often AI related
Determine which AI/ML approach, if any, is suited for the problem
Design and develop scalable and high quality AI/ML models or otherwise intelligent approaches
Design and implement scalable and robust data collection mechanisms
Design and implement principled evaluation mechanisms
Design and build robust and low latency infrastructure to serve the AI/ML models and meet the demands of Celonis customers
Design and develop intelligent techniques to understand, represent, and integrate enterprise operational data (e.g., processes)
Design and build APIs and infrastructure to serve such data at scale and with low latency
Design and implement intelligent ways to ensure freshness and accuracy of such data across thousands of enterprise customers.
The qualifications you need
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience (in Computer Science or related fields), Master’s degree and PhD degree a plus
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Identify with the Celonis value of customer first, passionate about solving real world customer problems with a focus on finding the right solution regardless of the nature of the solution
Passionate about developing scalable and efficient AI/ML solutions
Passionate about building high quality AI/ML solutions with clear and repeatable evaluation mechanisms
 

 

The base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule.

Total compensation package will include base salary + bonus/commission + equity + benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicant's qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.
The base salary range below is for the role in California, based on a Full Time Schedule.

$150,100 - $183,350 USD

What Celonis Can Offer You:

Pioneer Innovation: Work with the leading, award-winning process mining technology, shaping the future of business.
Accelerate Your Growth: Benefit from clear career paths, internal mobility, a dedicated learning program, and mentorship opportunities.
Receive Exceptional Benefits: Including generous PTO, hybrid working options, company equity (RSUs), comprehensive benefits, extensive parental leave, dedicated volunteer days, and much more. Interns and working students explore your benefits here.
Prioritize Your Well-being: Access to resources such as gym subsidies, counseling, and well-being programs.
Connect and Belong: Find community and support through dedicated inclusion and belonging programs.
Make Meaningful Impact: Be part of a company driven by strong values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future.
Collaborate Globally: Join a dynamic, international team of talented individuals.
Empowered Environment: Contribute your ideas in an open culture with autonomous teams.
About Us:

Celonis makes processes work for people, companies and the planet. The Celonis Process Intelligence Platform uses industry-leading process mining and AI technology and augments it with business context to give customers a living digital twin of their business operation. It’s system-agnostic and without bias, and provides everyone with a common language for understanding and improving businesses. Celonis enables its customers to continuously realize significant value across the top, bottom, and green line. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.

Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this video.

Celonis Inclusion Statement:

At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.